Problem:
It takes 5 nanoseconds to relefect any change on the bus. This means on a posedge it would take 5 nano to put anything on the bus and then
cache would only have a few nano to write in the data. So dte would have to go thru the logic to set the tristates. Then set the tristate take 5 nano and
then the data would have to be read into. 

This could be quite the problem if reading in slow which is about 2.4 ~3 + combo logic to get the right address etc. 

Another problem is that the write enable signals bleeds into the next clock cycle which was causing some issues with the correct data being written. 
This means we would have to delay the signal or cut it off early

two solutions:
first one is we pulse our write signal between 5ns and 10ns of a clock period where the new data arrives.
I think a cache write is 2.4 nano and as long as as we have the signals ready before about 5.5 nano or so we can get this done.
The cons is that it gives us less freedom to either shrink the clock OR just have combinational wiggle room time.
For all people reading the bus the data is wrong for the first 5 nano.

other solution is to turn scheduler and DTE to negedge and add latches for clock crossings
This is a sort big overhaul but would allow us to have good data on the data bus for the duration of the clock (all 10 ns)
Basically any signal that needs to cross clock domain would need to be latched. So that the posedge can sample them normally

This would means less combo logic issues overall and timing bugs. We just would just have to insert those negedge latches that DTE controls


Another problem
MIO and DMA DDR5 etc all are 1 cycle access which causes a scheduling issue with the latches 
Problem
suppose of clock 0 MIO sends a request to scheduler 
start of clock 1 schduler sends to DTE
start of clock 2 DTE turns on bus tristates for the DDR5 and sends a memserved
- however at the same time bus scheduler has latched the same data from the mem req so MIO would get served again for nobody

Solution:
just make DTE idle for an extra cycle while the mem latches update. 
This means at the start of cycle 3 even tho mio is still latched in scheduler DTE is still busy and doesnt look at this
Start of cycle 4: mew data has been latched into the mio schduler and DTE can serve it as needed


Icache write enable leakage
- icache write enable leaks over into the next cycle causing wrong data to be latched in (assuming that data bus is changing on posedge clock)
Actually this chill

- we dont need to we can deassert this we on posedge clock and then buffer it to turn on whenever. 

so we would be active from 5.5 to 10 and then gets reset on the start of the posedge clock 
so on posedge clk we have WE set to 1 and then after a phase buffer shit it gets set back to 0 (active low)

